adoc/whitelabel/whitelabel.adoc, before:

== Authentication

To use the whitelabel wallet functionality, one client ID will need to be created (see link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_identity[[.bb-api]#Arkane Identity#]).

* This client will authenticate to Arkane using a combination of shared secret and a Bearer token. Because it uses a
shared secret, it needs to be used in a server to server communication channel (the secret may never be exposed to the outside world). How to use this client will be described bellow.

=== [[clientId-client]] The `<clientId>`-client

image::img/appclientauthentication.png[<clientId>_app flow]

Here we'll describe how to obtain a bearer token from our authentication server using your `<clientId>_app`-client:

.URL
https://login.arkane.network/auth/realms/Arkane/protocol/openid-connect/token

.Example Curl Request
[source,bash]
----
$ curl https://login.arkane.network/auth/realms/Arkane/protocol/openid-connect/token -i -X POST \
    -H 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \
    -d 'grant_type=client_credentials&client_id=Arketype_app&client_secret=02053a9d-8293-43c4-a201-f8669f1329af'
----
IMPORTANT: Do not forget to set the `Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded` header (and to make the request body application/x-www-form-urlencoded),
otherwise the request will fail

.Request Fields
|===
| Path | Type | Description | Constraints
| grant_type | String | The OpenId Connect grant type you want to use | Mandatory, always `client_credentials`
| client_id | String | The `<clientId>_app` you want to request a token for | Mandatory, e.g. `Arketype_app`
| client_secret | String | The shared secret you've received when you requested your `<clientId>_app`-client | Mandatory
|===


.Reponse Fields
|===
| Path | Type | Description
| access_token | String | The JWT token to use as bearer token when doing the api calls
| expires_in | number | The amount of seconds the access_token is valid
| refresh_expires_in | number | The amount of seconds the refresh_token is valid
| refresh_token | String | The JWT token which can be used to refresh the current token
| token_type | String | bearer | The type of the access_token
|===


.Response Body
[source,json]
----
{
    "access_token": "eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsInR5cCIgOiAiSldUIiwia2lkIiA6ICJmQi1UenBOb0hBVGhwT2J4aW9qTDBrdm83MldmRzRXRXh1eFpiaXlGQUhzIn0.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.iBsj3jlmg0Ns3J4qB9Ii3a3d0Bn4472fhPNrfsYm5gPFnt2l7TOvE4JdUolv0UJe9IMrTyQYv-_EPDU7_lv8edQmyEm2YxUwUzDT747sQmkByPrxguECMrG5eOw69Iw2mtfOHVipGhivXGDr3J-Bngwj1dilYLEz8ncuAG8XrGIlqjZ3C0h_XVKUsfQcg2_EIbqcNPTwoovma1qbpS5kwWmBI4xdNHUVyV_m9HFabc2M8RQvvz5xTX4xhICJzvKRQCKOPFd3XqBNW3kG0iCJkHfOX5GNPn9Efcqfo1xFAEEjTKUOFbs8g4FQlm_YcGPumj3jk0dbN8ROlH8vuuvPxw",
    "expires_in": 1800,
    "refresh_expires_in": 432000,
    "refresh_token": "eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsInR5cCIgOiAiSldUIiwia2lkIiA6ICJmQi1UenBOb0hBVGhwT2J4aW9qTDBrdm83MldmRzRXRXh1eFpiaXlGQUhzIn0.eyJqdGkiOiI2MTI1MjhkMy02ZGE4LTQwMGMtODAxMS1jNDQ0M2U1MzQ0YzMiLCJleHAiOjE1NTg1MzMzNjIsIm5iZiI6MCwiaWF0IjoxNTU4MTAxMzYyLCJpc3MiOiJodHRwczovL2xvZ2luLXN0YWdpbmcuYXJrYW5lLm5ldHdvcmsvYXV0aC9yZWFsbXMvQXJrYW5lIiwiYXVkIjoiQXJrZXR5cGVfYXBwIiwic3ViIjoiZDQ3NWQwYWEtNjRmOC00MTJhLTg5NmEtOTRmM2RlNjZlNzFkIiwidHlwIjoiUmVmcmVzaCIsImF6cCI6IkFya2V0eXBlX2FwcCIsImF1dGhfdGltZSI6MCwic2Vzc2lvbl9zdGF0ZSI6IjcwNjI3M2MxLTMwZGItNDA3ZS05NWZhLWQ0ZTc4NzQ0OTQ2OSIsInJlc291cmNlX2FjY2VzcyI6e30sInNjb3BlIjoic2F2ZTp0cmFuc2FjdGlvbiJ9.FayuAxy2x1lOw4nQqvn2gZs6Vhqtt7pai6H6LNvFmAxqab3qdnMxQRRFVgrvqfgwaI5bsLrs6CdPU1w2DJmNjh3ubcw-arpM25FVWHufldcTpEA0Xvpo1zssXQrt46kMQ0SMDiRY5e3dhpcd1Uoib9NzZTM5sbwHihqxGyH9HlcO7kGGhdoFW7jXQgGSoBhKsQN1BGvam9p9v-vZSBBQD6YPNttf7cZG77PjK8BAuZczhl7cX8Csmyht6clRTeFKF06NNUwaEcvz7ZXBf2QNJVfAyG26OwUu9ER5bADofGn2P7PnAxDsq_kRXMzOULISLLPi2hdNHOzh2XNvM6znOQ",
    "token_type": "bearer"
}
----

== Wallet

This section describes all actions related to wallets.

=== [[create-wallet]] Create wallet link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Create a whitelabel wallet

operation::create-whitelabel-wallet[snippets='curl-request,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[list-wallets]] List wallets link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Returns all the wallets for the client

operation::get-wallets[snippets='curl-request,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

It's also possible to filter based on secret type

operation::get-wallets-filtered[snippets='request-parameters'&pincode=true]


[[get-specific-user-wallet]]
=== [[get-wallet]] Get wallet link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Returns the details for a specific wallet (native balance is also included)

operation::get-wallet[snippets='curl-request,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

[[find-by-identifier]]
=== [[find-by-identifier]] Find a wallet with a specific identifier

operation::get-wallet-by-identifier[snippets='curl-request,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[get-balance]] Native balance link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Returns the "native" balance for a wallet. This is the balance of the native token used by the chain. Ex. ETH for Ethereum.

operation::get-balance[snippets='curl-request,path-parameters,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[get-token-balances]] Token balances link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Returns the balance of all tokens currently supported by Arkane. The list of supported tokens can be found on https://github.com/ArkaneNetwork/content-management/tree/master/tokens[Github].

operation::get-token-balances[snippets='curl-request,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[get-token-balance]] Specific token balance link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Returns the token balance for a specified token (this can be any token).

operation::get-token-balance[snippets='curl-request,path-parameters,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[nft-get-for-address]] List Non Fungible Tokens (NFT's) link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]

[WARNING]
====
Currently this functionallity is only supported for Ethereum wallets (ERC-721), other chains will follow
====

Returns the list of NFT's owned by a wallet

operation::list-non-fungibles[snippets='curl-request,path-parameters,request-parameters,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[wallet-error-codes]] Error codes

|===
|Error Code | Meaning

|wallet.archived
|The wallet that is used appears to be archived

|wallet.forbidden
|Wallet to update was not found or does not belong to the correct user

|wallet.balance.not.supported.yet
|Getting the balance for chain is not supported yet

|wallet.encrypt.internal-error
|Problem while trying to encrypt user secret

|wallet.decrypt.internal-error
|A problem occurred while trying to access your wallet. Please contact support

|wallet.secret.not-found
|The specified secret was not found in our vault

|wallet.secret.internal-error
|An unknown error occurred when trying to fetch the secret. Please contact support.
|===

== [[transactions]] Transactions

[[transfer]]
=== Transfer

.[[generic-transaction-request]] Data parameters
operation::build-and-execute-generic-transfer-request[snippets='request-fields'&pincode=true]

[NOTE]
====
[[build-network]] ^[3]^ (Only for Ethereum) The node to which the transaction will be send can be set manually. This can be done using the `network` parameter. +
This feature enables you to submit a transaction to any mainnet node of your choosing, a testnet node (e.g. Kovan, Rinkeby, …​) or a different (private) network altogether.
====

.Data example
operation::build-and-execute-generic-transfer-request[snippets='curl-request'&pincode=true]

.Result example
operation::build-and-execute-generic-transfer-request[snippets='response-body'&pincode=true]


=== Token Transfer

.[[generic-token-transfer-request]] Data parameters
operation::build-and-execute-generic-token-transfer-request[snippets='request-fields'&pincode=true]

.Data example
operation::build-and-execute-generic-token-transfer-request[snippets='curl-request'&pincode=true]

.Result example

operation::build-and-execute-generic-token-transfer-request[snippets='response-body'&pincode=true]

=== NFT Transfer


.[[generic-nft-transfer-request]] Data parameters
operation::build-and-execute-generic-nft-transfer-request[snippets='request-fields'&pincode=true]

.Data example
operation::build-and-execute-generic-nft-transfer-request[snippets='curl-request'&pincode=true]

.Result example

operation::build-and-execute-generic-nft-transfer-request[snippets='response-body'&pincode=true]

=== Gas Transfer


.[[generic-gas-transfer-request]] Data parameters
operation::build-and-execute-generic-gas-transfer-request[snippets='request-fields'&pincode=true]

.Data example
operation::build-and-execute-generic-gas-transfer-request[snippets='curl-request'&pincode=true]

.Result example

operation::build-and-execute-generic-gas-transfer-request[snippets='response-body'&pincode=true]

=== Contract Execution


.[[generic-contract-execution-request]] Data parameters
operation::build-and-execute-generic-contract-execution[snippets='request-fields'&pincode=true]

.Data example
operation::build-and-execute-generic-gas-transfer-request[snippets='curl-request'&pincode=true]

.Result example

operation::build-and-execute-generic-gas-transfer-request[snippets='response-body'&pincode=true]

== Swap
This section describes how to use the swapping functionality within Arkane. It allows you to swap/exchange a (native) token to (native) token.

=== [[swap-get-trading-pairs]] Trading pairs link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Returns the list of possible trading pairs for a given wallet.

operation::swap-tradingpairs[snippets='curl-request,path-parameters,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[swap-get-exchange-rate]] Exchange rate link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Returns the exchange rates for a specified swap.

operation::swap-exchangerate[snippets='curl-request,request-parameters,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[swap-get-exchange-rate]] Create swap link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Creates the transaction requests that are needed to execute the swap. With this result (the transaction requests), you will need to call the native transactions
endpoint to execute the swap. Ex. for VeChain, use the output from this call to the input of: <<execute-vet-transaction, Execute VET transaction>>

operation::swap[snippets='curl-request,path-parameters,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[swap-error-codes]] Swap Error Tokens

|===
|Error Code | Meaning

|swap.no-exchange-found
|No SwapService found for SwapExchange

|swap.uniswap.get-price.failed
|Unable to get the price of a token on uniswap

|swap.uniswap.allowance-error
|Unable to get allowance for token on uniswap

|swap.uniswap.exchange-not-found
|An exchange contract for a token on uniswap could not be found
|===

Commit message:

ARKANE-1175 add documentation for status

adoc/whitelabel/whitelabel.adoc, after:

== Authentication

To use the whitelabel wallet functionality, one client ID will need to be created (see link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_identity[[.bb-api]#Arkane Identity#]).

* This client will authenticate to Arkane using a combination of shared secret and a Bearer token. Because it uses a
shared secret, it needs to be used in a server to server communication channel (the secret may never be exposed to the outside world). How to use this client will be described bellow.

=== [[clientId-client]] The `<clientId>`-client

image::img/appclientauthentication.png[<clientId>_app flow]

Here we'll describe how to obtain a bearer token from our authentication server using your `<clientId>_app`-client:

.URL
https://login.arkane.network/auth/realms/Arkane/protocol/openid-connect/token

.Example Curl Request
[source,bash]
----
$ curl https://login.arkane.network/auth/realms/Arkane/protocol/openid-connect/token -i -X POST \
    -H 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \
    -d 'grant_type=client_credentials&client_id=Arketype_app&client_secret=02053a9d-8293-43c4-a201-f8669f1329af'
----
IMPORTANT: Do not forget to set the `Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded` header (and to make the request body application/x-www-form-urlencoded),
otherwise the request will fail

.Request Fields
|===
| Path | Type | Description | Constraints
| grant_type | String | The OpenId Connect grant type you want to use | Mandatory, always `client_credentials`
| client_id | String | The `<clientId>_app` you want to request a token for | Mandatory, e.g. `Arketype_app`
| client_secret | String | The shared secret you've received when you requested your `<clientId>_app`-client | Mandatory
|===


.Reponse Fields
|===
| Path | Type | Description
| access_token | String | The JWT token to use as bearer token when doing the api calls
| expires_in | number | The amount of seconds the access_token is valid
| refresh_expires_in | number | The amount of seconds the refresh_token is valid
| refresh_token | String | The JWT token which can be used to refresh the current token
| token_type | String | bearer | The type of the access_token
|===


.Response Body
[source,json]
----
{
    "access_token": "eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsInR5cCIgOiAiSldUIiwia2lkIiA6ICJmQi1UenBOb0hBVGhwT2J4aW9qTDBrdm83MldmRzRXRXh1eFpiaXlGQUhzIn0.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.iBsj3jlmg0Ns3J4qB9Ii3a3d0Bn4472fhPNrfsYm5gPFnt2l7TOvE4JdUolv0UJe9IMrTyQYv-_EPDU7_lv8edQmyEm2YxUwUzDT747sQmkByPrxguECMrG5eOw69Iw2mtfOHVipGhivXGDr3J-Bngwj1dilYLEz8ncuAG8XrGIlqjZ3C0h_XVKUsfQcg2_EIbqcNPTwoovma1qbpS5kwWmBI4xdNHUVyV_m9HFabc2M8RQvvz5xTX4xhICJzvKRQCKOPFd3XqBNW3kG0iCJkHfOX5GNPn9Efcqfo1xFAEEjTKUOFbs8g4FQlm_YcGPumj3jk0dbN8ROlH8vuuvPxw",
    "expires_in": 1800,
    "refresh_expires_in": 432000,
    "refresh_token": "eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsInR5cCIgOiAiSldUIiwia2lkIiA6ICJmQi1UenBOb0hBVGhwT2J4aW9qTDBrdm83MldmRzRXRXh1eFpiaXlGQUhzIn0.eyJqdGkiOiI2MTI1MjhkMy02ZGE4LTQwMGMtODAxMS1jNDQ0M2U1MzQ0YzMiLCJleHAiOjE1NTg1MzMzNjIsIm5iZiI6MCwiaWF0IjoxNTU4MTAxMzYyLCJpc3MiOiJodHRwczovL2xvZ2luLXN0YWdpbmcuYXJrYW5lLm5ldHdvcmsvYXV0aC9yZWFsbXMvQXJrYW5lIiwiYXVkIjoiQXJrZXR5cGVfYXBwIiwic3ViIjoiZDQ3NWQwYWEtNjRmOC00MTJhLTg5NmEtOTRmM2RlNjZlNzFkIiwidHlwIjoiUmVmcmVzaCIsImF6cCI6IkFya2V0eXBlX2FwcCIsImF1dGhfdGltZSI6MCwic2Vzc2lvbl9zdGF0ZSI6IjcwNjI3M2MxLTMwZGItNDA3ZS05NWZhLWQ0ZTc4NzQ0OTQ2OSIsInJlc291cmNlX2FjY2VzcyI6e30sInNjb3BlIjoic2F2ZTp0cmFuc2FjdGlvbiJ9.FayuAxy2x1lOw4nQqvn2gZs6Vhqtt7pai6H6LNvFmAxqab3qdnMxQRRFVgrvqfgwaI5bsLrs6CdPU1w2DJmNjh3ubcw-arpM25FVWHufldcTpEA0Xvpo1zssXQrt46kMQ0SMDiRY5e3dhpcd1Uoib9NzZTM5sbwHihqxGyH9HlcO7kGGhdoFW7jXQgGSoBhKsQN1BGvam9p9v-vZSBBQD6YPNttf7cZG77PjK8BAuZczhl7cX8Csmyht6clRTeFKF06NNUwaEcvz7ZXBf2QNJVfAyG26OwUu9ER5bADofGn2P7PnAxDsq_kRXMzOULISLLPi2hdNHOzh2XNvM6znOQ",
    "token_type": "bearer"
}
----

== Wallet

This section describes all actions related to wallets.

=== [[create-wallet]] Create wallet link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Create a whitelabel wallet

operation::create-whitelabel-wallet[snippets='curl-request,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[list-wallets]] List wallets link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Returns all the wallets for the client

operation::get-wallets[snippets='curl-request,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

It's also possible to filter based on secret type

operation::get-wallets-filtered[snippets='request-parameters'&pincode=true]


[[get-specific-user-wallet]]
=== [[get-wallet]] Get wallet link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Returns the details for a specific wallet (native balance is also included)

operation::get-wallet[snippets='curl-request,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

[[find-by-identifier]]
=== [[find-by-identifier]] Find a wallet with a specific identifier

operation::get-wallet-by-identifier[snippets='curl-request,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[get-balance]] Native balance link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Returns the "native" balance for a wallet. This is the balance of the native token used by the chain. Ex. ETH for Ethereum.

operation::get-balance[snippets='curl-request,path-parameters,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[get-token-balances]] Token balances link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Returns the balance of all tokens currently supported by Arkane. The list of supported tokens can be found on https://github.com/ArkaneNetwork/content-management/tree/master/tokens[Github].

operation::get-token-balances[snippets='curl-request,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[get-token-balance]] Specific token balance link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Returns the token balance for a specified token (this can be any token).

operation::get-token-balance[snippets='curl-request,path-parameters,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[nft-get-for-address]] List Non Fungible Tokens (NFT's) link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]

[WARNING]
====
Currently this functionallity is only supported for Ethereum wallets (ERC-721), other chains will follow
====

Returns the list of NFT's owned by a wallet

operation::list-non-fungibles[snippets='curl-request,path-parameters,request-parameters,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[wallet-error-codes]] Error codes

|===
|Error Code | Meaning

|wallet.archived
|The wallet that is used appears to be archived

|wallet.forbidden
|Wallet to update was not found or does not belong to the correct user

|wallet.balance.not.supported.yet
|Getting the balance for chain is not supported yet

|wallet.encrypt.internal-error
|Problem while trying to encrypt user secret

|wallet.decrypt.internal-error
|A problem occurred while trying to access your wallet. Please contact support

|wallet.secret.not-found
|The specified secret was not found in our vault

|wallet.secret.internal-error
|An unknown error occurred when trying to fetch the secret. Please contact support.
|===

== [[transactions]] Transactions

[[transfer]]
=== Transfer

.[[generic-transaction-request]] Data parameters
operation::build-and-execute-generic-transfer-request[snippets='request-fields'&pincode=true]

[NOTE]
====
[[build-network]] ^[3]^ (Only for Ethereum) The node to which the transaction will be send can be set manually. This can be done using the `network` parameter. +
This feature enables you to submit a transaction to any mainnet node of your choosing, a testnet node (e.g. Kovan, Rinkeby, …​) or a different (private) network altogether.
====

.Data example
operation::build-and-execute-generic-transfer-request[snippets='curl-request'&pincode=true]

.Result example
operation::build-and-execute-generic-transfer-request[snippets='response-body'&pincode=true]


=== Token Transfer

.[[generic-token-transfer-request]] Data parameters
operation::build-and-execute-generic-token-transfer-request[snippets='request-fields'&pincode=true]

.Data example
operation::build-and-execute-generic-token-transfer-request[snippets='curl-request'&pincode=true]

.Result example

operation::build-and-execute-generic-token-transfer-request[snippets='response-body'&pincode=true]

=== NFT Transfer


.[[generic-nft-transfer-request]] Data parameters
operation::build-and-execute-generic-nft-transfer-request[snippets='request-fields'&pincode=true]

.Data example
operation::build-and-execute-generic-nft-transfer-request[snippets='curl-request'&pincode=true]

.Result example

operation::build-and-execute-generic-nft-transfer-request[snippets='response-body'&pincode=true]

=== Gas Transfer


.[[generic-gas-transfer-request]] Data parameters
operation::build-and-execute-generic-gas-transfer-request[snippets='request-fields'&pincode=true]

.Data example
operation::build-and-execute-generic-gas-transfer-request[snippets='curl-request'&pincode=true]

.Result example

operation::build-and-execute-generic-gas-transfer-request[snippets='response-body'&pincode=true]

=== Contract Execution


.[[generic-contract-execution-request]] Data parameters
operation::build-and-execute-generic-contract-execution[snippets='request-fields'&pincode=true]

.Data example
operation::build-and-execute-generic-gas-transfer-request[snippets='curl-request'&pincode=true]

.Result example
operation::build-and-execute-generic-gas-transfer-request[snippets='response-body'&pincode=true]

[[transaction-status]]
=== Status link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]

Get the status of a specific transaction.
Returns *UNKNOWN* when the specific chain is not supported yet.

.Data example
operation::get-transaction-status[snippets='curl-request']

.Response Fields
operation::get-transaction-status[snippets='response-fields']

.Example Response
operation::get-transaction-status[snippets='http-response']

== Swap

This section describes how to use the swapping functionality within Arkane.
It allows you to swap/exchange a (native) token to (native) token.

=== [[swap-get-trading-pairs]] Trading pairs link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]

Returns the list of possible trading pairs for a given wallet.

operation::swap-tradingpairs[snippets='curl-request,path-parameters,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[swap-get-exchange-rate]] Exchange rate link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Returns the exchange rates for a specified swap.

operation::swap-exchangerate[snippets='curl-request,request-parameters,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[swap-get-exchange-rate]] Create swap link:buildingblocks.html#_arkane_api[[.bb-api]#Arkane API#]
Creates the transaction requests that are needed to execute the swap. With this result (the transaction requests), you will need to call the native transactions
endpoint to execute the swap. Ex. for VeChain, use the output from this call to the input of: <<execute-vet-transaction, Execute VET transaction>>

operation::swap[snippets='curl-request,path-parameters,http-response,response-fields'&pincode=true]

=== [[swap-error-codes]] Swap Error Tokens

|===
|Error Code | Meaning

|swap.no-exchange-found
|No SwapService found for SwapExchange

|swap.uniswap.get-price.failed
|Unable to get the price of a token on uniswap

|swap.uniswap.allowance-error
|Unable to get allowance for token on uniswap

|swap.uniswap.exchange-not-found
|An exchange contract for a token on uniswap could not be found
|===
